Spike Spiegel.
l'll see you in another world.
Vincent!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Vincent...
It's me, remember?
Why only me?
Vincent.
Can you hear me, Spike?
You almost didn't make it.
He's dead.
He was dead
from the beginning.
Just like you.
He's the one who found your body
floating in the river.
Thank you.
What did you see?
You're on the verge of death.
l was dreaming.
Well...
Which is the dream?
The first time ever...
First time l've been truly scared.
Shaking with fear.
If one single atom had given way,
l would have died.
It was not destined to be
your time to die.
Swimming Bird...
These blue eyes see everything.
They see the past,
the present and the future.
They look upon
the full flow of time.
They see not the reality,
they see only the truth.
Open your eyes to truth.
There is nothing to fear.
Yes...
...I understand.
So you're not dead?
What about Vincent?
He disappeared.
As if he was never
there at all.
We've gotten mixed up
in something fatal.
As my father always said,
"The ship that sets sail"
"either keeps sailing,
or it sinks."
We're just bounty hunters.
This is far too big
for the likes of us.
We can still quit now.
We should back off.
Okay, Spike?
He can sleep anywhere.
Why did you disobey orders?
You don't wish to answer?
Did you consider that
disobeying orders
was the direct cause of
so many innocent deaths?
l'm very sorry.
You're restricted to barracks
as of now.
l'll give my final decision
at a later date.
Watch her closely.
Our investigation shows
the element used on the monorail
is the same as that
from the tanker truck.
Have you managed
to identify that element?
We're doing it now.
The hacking of our computers
was carried out
by one Lee Samson,
with a similar MO in a previous attack.
We're running a trace
on his path of access.
Any chance he's their leader?
Yes, there is.
We believe he has had
contact with terrorist groups.
What is their aim?
Is it ideological,
or do they want money?
We're still checking.
Is everything still
"being checked"?
How long must we wait?
The medicals should be
ready by now!
l feel so heavy...
What's that?
My legs feel heavy.
Hey!
l got it!
Circle's an eye ball
Circles are pretty
A wonderful taste
just like black grapes
l hacked into Cherious Medical.
Check their trucking records
for October 15.
Back on the job, Spike?
No way.
l'm just checking up.
Otherwise, l can't sleep.
You sleep too much.
Truck, truck,
where have you been?
It carried a load
of macadamia nuts.
Macadamia nuts?
l wouldn't try to eat 'em.
l'll check it out.
"Macadamia Nuts Control Dept."
"Macadamia Nuts R&D Dept."
Why such attention to mere nuts?
Ed, take a look into
the R&D Dept.
Any clues to what they're doing?
My hacking program has crashed.
Now?
We were so close.
Try another route
and get a profile on him.
Dr. Mendelo al Hedia.
At SIT he was researching
nano machines.
There's no way
that's a drug company.
They're developing nano war machines
for the military.
And Vincent got his hand on 'em,
a guy who was listed as dead.
But nano war machines were banned
by the Treaty of Amsterdam.
If Vincent is plotting something, the
military would do anything to stop him.
And yet, he's still alive.
Hello, Steve.
What can l do for you, Electra?
What's that?
A blood sample?
Check it out for me.
Okay, if you agree to a date.
Well, okay.
l'll reserve a table
for Halloween night.
What's going on?
Why am l still alive?
What did you do to me?
l gave you my blood.
Now you won't die
when l unleash the power.
Just like me.
It won't be much longer now.
Did you find what you wanted?
No, just a lot of things
l don't need.
That's how the world turns.
There are people who make things
we'll never want.
Who's making these demons?
Why did you give me that vase?
It was perfect for you.
l mean what was inside.
Nano machines in the form
of lymph corpuscles.
Dr. Mendelo's.
A man escaped here
over three years ago.
He said he had made
a hideous development.
One that's programmed
to spread through touch,
or through the atmosphere.
In the blood, it assumes
the form of lymph corpuscles,
and endlessly replicates.
Until it reaches the brain
and destroys it.
Then it turns to protein
and exits the body,
leaving no trace at all.
That's as much as l know.
There's only one thing
l want to know.
How come Vincent's still alive?
What are you trying to do?
Are you doing this for money,
for revenge?
Or is it just a game to you?
l am only trying to find the door.
The door?
Have you ever had a dream
where you're aware
that you are in the middle
of a dream but can't wake up?
That's when it started.
From when l was still on Titan.
Vincent was a guinea pig.
He injected an anti-nano machine
into Vincent's blood.
Anti-nano machine?
It replicates like nano machines.
It destroys nano machines.
It was a vaccine experiment.
Vincent started it.
Only he can stop it.
But we don't know his motive.
Maybe he doesn't have one.
Perhaps Vincent is just waiting
for Judgment Day.
Doesn't Dr. Mendelo have everything?
Nano machines, the vaccine?
He disappeared and deleted
all the data from his computer.
He never imagined anyone
could use his discovery.
He disappeared without a trace.
No one can stop Vincent.
l lost two things on Titan.
One was my past.
There were no opposing armies
in that battle.
They were all killed to test
the nano machines as weapons.
l was used as a guinea pig.
The only one who survived.
l lost all memories of my early life.
l didn't even know who l was.
What was the other?
Did you see the butterflies?
l saw countless butterflies.
So many, so very beautiful.
When the nano machines reach
the brain, a light is seen.
It's as if...
... it's the most beautiful sight
in the world.
l've talked too long.
Rashid, please give this to the doctor.
Should you happen to meet him.
Yes, l will.
Okay then, Inshallah!
What's this all about, huh?
We're the ones
who'd like an explanation.
Why does your blood have
the anti-nano machines?
How did this escape our attention?
We thought only Vincent had it.
How did you get it?
Have you contacted him?
We'll place you in protective custody.
If l have the vaccine in my body,
can't we use it to
protect the population?
You just don't get it.
Our sole purpose is
to completely destroy all record
of the nano machines.
With no records,
they never existed.
Hi.
What is the bond
that ties us all together?
It's not as if we're family.
There's no linking bond like that.
We each go our own way
and do as we please.
They give me so much trouble.
l've had enough.
l want to be alone again.
One more move and l win.
Hey, leave them alone.
But does it matter?
So what if they don't come back?
The toss of a coin.
If it had come up tails,
l would've asked you on a date.
Nothing special, mind you.
Aren't you scared?
Scared?
They'll either kill us
or wipe out our memories.
We'll lose our identities, anyway.
We'll be like the living dead.
Like Vincent?
The reason you survived
the attack is because
you have them in you.
That, what is it?
Nano machine vaccine?
You know everything.
It's like you said.
Knowing too much
can shorten my life.
You're no ordinary bounty hunter,
Spike Spiegel.
You're too good to be just a soldier.
My name is Electra Ovilo.
So, now l know.
It's a strong name.
l didn't know l had them
inside my body.
Vincent was...
...poor Vincent was all alone from birth.
All he had, as a boy,
was hate and the will to fight.
No one has ever loved him.
That's why l wanted to help him.
l thought l could,
but l was very wrong.
Back there,
on the monorail,
he looked at me
as if he didn't know me.
He had forgotten all about me.
Did you love him?
l don't know.
Have you ever experienced
a brand-new feeling
that welled up inside
your heart and filled you
with indescribable pain?
Yes, l have.
Maybe l was looking to be saved.
Years ago,
back when l was much younger,
l was afraid of nothing.
l had not the slightest
fear of death.
l was ready to die anytime.
But then l met a special woman.
She made me want to go on living.
For the first time,
l was afraid of death.
A feeling l'd never had before.
Where is she now?
She went away.
You're the first person
l can talk to like this.
What's between you and Vincent?
We share similar souls.
That's why l must find him.
He said his name was Spike,
didn't he?
So, he's a friend of yours?
How do you know?
What do you plan to do?
l came here to finish it.
The final party begins.
My next trick is
special nano machines.
These will not self-destruct,
they will multiply until...
You plan to destroy the world?
You...
...you're insane.
You think so?
Who decides where to draw
the line of insanity?
Aren't there those
who cross and recross the line?
Soon you will understand.
It's not me.
The rest of the world is insane.
Will you join me?
We'll be the only ones left alive.
Don't be ridiculous!
l don't know what will happen,
but l don't want that.
Do it by yourself.
Vincent!
l said never to come here.
Everything is ready to go.
l want to get away.
The cops are closing in.
Pay me what you owe me.
Have you prayed?
l'll be at the bridge
connecting this world to Heaven.
You can watch it all alone
from Purgatory.
What will happen to me?
You're a soldier,
you're prepared for it.
Do l get a cigarette?
One will do.
- Shall I, sir?
- Ignore him.
No, don't shoot!
Throw down the gun.
Open the door.
l'll have these.
Where are they?
At the waterworks.
l tracked Lee's hack route
to the waterworks.
So he plans to put it
into the city's water supply.
The anti-terrorist squad.
That'll fix him!
Don't we need permission?
If we don't,
there'll be serious trouble.
This is a no-smoking area.
If we go through channels,
we'll run out of time!
We've got a job to do.
Where's your blood sample?
This way.
It's open.
- Protective suits?
- No time.
They're behind us.
Where's Electra's vaccine?
It's being cultured in number 3,
no, number 2 case.
Is this it?
The yellow packs.
l'm not lying,
but it's not finished yet.
In 20 hours,
each pack will have 100,000 units.
l'm sorry, Electra.
You can get out
through level three.
Thanks.
So no date, l guess.
Who are you?
ISSP.
We're taking over here.
l've had no such orders.
We ask your cooperation.
l can't let anyone
see me like this.
Rest in peace.
Waiting for a call?
No, not particularly.
Aren't you waiting
for Spike to call?
What?
l didn't notice them leave.
Hello?
Vincent has gone.
Where the hell have you been?
He's planning a very nasty
Halloween party.
How do you know that?
Spike!
You idiot!
Where the hell were you?
ISSP are headed for the waterworks.
City waterworks?
No. 2 gate all clear, sir.
No. 3 tank shows
no abnormalities, sir.
A suspicious object
near the gate to no. 4 plant.
Bomb squad on the way.
Object appears to be...
... a pumpkin-shaped balloon.
That's strange.
Why is he dressed like a warlock?
There's a Halloween costume
parade in Alva City.
So he wants to blend in?
He'll do it in the middle of town?
But how?
His accomplice said
Jack was in place.
Jack...?
Yes, l see.
Jack-o'-lantern?
Yes, a Halloween lamp.
We're starting now.
What's that?
Unit A, report!
Damn it!
Find out what's going on.
- Sir!
- What is it?
It's the army, sir.
- Damn!
- Sir!
Who's in charge?
Who ordered the army
to take over?
That's classified.
We're in charge now.
What gives you the right?
National emergency.
A what!?
Test results are in.
Hurry up, tell me.
l told you to leave!
It's composed of nitrogen,
oxygen, and carbon dioxide,
with traces of argon,
neon and krypton.
It's air, sir.
But the town will be full
of jack-o'-lanterns.
He said he'd be at the bridge
joining here to Heaven.
What's that mean?
Jet, we need 20-30 aircraft
as soon as possible.
What are you planning to do?
l'll take Swordfish.
Wait a minute.
Faye, go to the
weather control center.
Hey, not so fast.
You can't beat Vincent.
He's indestructible.
We have unfinished business.
It's a waste of time!
If he wanted to destroy the world,
he'd have done it.
This invitation says the party
won't start without the guest.
If you don't go,
the party won't start.
Go for it!
Only death cures stupidity!
The army. What a nuisance!
l've got no time to play with you!
It's an emergency,
we need help!
But we have rules...
All our fighter jets are
at the air show celebration.
There's no time.
Anything that can fly will do!
You said anything?
It's too early to start the party.
They made good planes
back in those days.
Can they actually fly?
We'll have no trouble
spraying the vaccine for you.
Don't overdo it, old fella.
Where are we headed?
Saturn?
No, we're going to vaccinate
the city to save it.
We're only going as far as Alva City.
l was just kidding!
They really can fly!
They're all museum pieces,
haven't been flown for decades.
Don't give up now!
Taxi!
Who's in charge?
Who are you?
As you can see,
l'm just a terrorist.
What do you want here?
Your demands?
l want it to rain.
Rain?
What for?
Well, how about...
...rain on the parade?
This is hopeless.
The parade is tying up
traffic everywhere.
The bridge to Heaven?
You forgot to pay!
Has the party begun?
It's just starting.
Reminds me of
the sinking of the Bismarck.
You old liar,
that was back in WWII.
We're almost there.
Get ready.
l knew you'd come,
bounty hunter.
Last time,
l decided to miss the fatal spot.
Your eyes are more
than empty holes.
Come to save the world, have you?
You're too late for that.
Sorry, l'm just a bounty hunter.
It ain't none of my business.
l'm only here
to get revenge on you.
You think this is just a threat?
l will do it.
Go ahead.
Before you die,
tell me one thing.
l died up there on Titan.
Is this world the one the butterflies
showed me in the dream?
Or is that world
the actual reality?
And my world just a dream?
l don't understand.
Vincent!
You won't get away this time.
No.
Stay back, Electra...
Shall we go?
Together?
Vincent!
Why didn't you shoot?
l remembered,
she was the one l loved.
l wanted to escape from here.
l searched for the door
out of this world.
But now l understand,
there is no door.
You should've known.
You were frightened
to open your eyes and see.
Ah, Electra...
The time l spent
together with you
was my only reality.
l'm so glad we could
meet again at the end.
What did the rain do?
It spread the vaccine
much faster
than the nano machines
could act.
Do you think there'll be a rainbow?
So...
Want to go to the races?
You never learn, do you?
Directed by
Shinichiro Watanabe
He was always alone,
always by himself.
Never anyone to share the game.
He lived in another world.
He was that kinda guy.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org